# what i learned

react redux - cart \| login \| signin \| products css - css module for
each page bootstrap for individual component chakra ui for individual
component react slick MDB

# Guide

## HomePage

this is the landing page of this website where you will see all the
things like navbar ,Crousels and Footer . so this page is fully
responsive all the Crousels are working great

## Product page

here you will see the list of Products hover on it you will see the zoom
view when you will click on anyone of them it will redirect you to the
authorisation where it wil be decided you next page if you are already
logged in the redirect it to the cart else signin page

## Filter Funtionality -

Due to time complexiy i was able to only achive the high to low and low
to high functionality at the top

## Signin -

You will be redirected to signin then

## Login-

You will be redirected to login if password match which is mobile number

## After login -

You will be Redirected to the Homepage plz click on name to go to
productpage again

## SingleProduct

then click on name to see the detail of the single products when you
click on Buy option it it will redirect to you to the cart session

## Cart page

here you will see the list of items You can either delete and buy
proceed to buy is the option remenber - all the product have unique
price and total price is working individually

## payment page -

here you are asked to proceed to pay then on a popup you will see the
pin of 4 num just put the random no and you are good to go

## 404 page -

there is a a beutiful 404 pagego and type in the url anything

## What i like -

There is the cart name in the navbar whenever you buy somthing you will
see on navbar just by hovering in it put something in cart and when you
buy it it wil automatically delete\
\
\
\
\
\
\

# \# cut-bear-1050

the first day was bit easy i started when i got it.

#### 2nd day -

i remeber asking silly question from my IA that hurt when he said silly
so thanks to him i motivated that was something when i made something
but i felt like i am fearing from redux so i started to use the redux
fully

#### 3rd day

it was full of tension will i be able to do that or not so i started and
i succesfully achieved some process with redux i was happy

#### 4th day

again this day was full of problems but i managed to pull it out

#### 5th day -

i messed up here so i changed the navbar with chakra which cause me lost
of responsiveness But overall i was successfully able to do that much
thing hoping to do better in the future
